Update changelog for v3.4.1 (#252)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

## 3.4.1 - 2022-02-10

### Added

> - Option to select all by pressing `alt + a` or `select all` button in bottom right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Option to select entire set of samples by pressing `ALT + a` or `SELECT ALL` button in bottom right corner.
```

### Fixed
- Selection is not removed when returning to Live View.
- Export all now works for all new samples.

>   - If you are not able to export all on an old sample, but you may use `select all` and `export selection` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are not able to use export `All` with an older set of samples (loaded from a .ppk file), you may use `SELECT ALL` and export selection instead.
```
